[docs] give integrations their own page (#7983)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/60-appendix/05-integrations.md

---
title: Integrations
---

## Preprocessors

> Preprocessors transform your `.svelte` files before passing them to the compiler. E.g. if your `.svelte` file uses TypeScript and PostCSS, it must first be transformed into JavaScript and CSS so that the Svelte compiler can handle it. There are many [available preprocessors](https://sveltesociety.dev/tools#preprocessors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preprocessors transform your `.svelte` files before passing them to the compiler. For example, if your `.svelte` file uses TypeScript and PostCSS, it must first be transformed into JavaScript and CSS so that the Svelte compiler can handle it. There are many [available preprocessors](https://sveltesociety.dev/tools#preprocessors).
```
